my name mohamed adel abd elrashed.

1-Create a new project on your local machine then push it to your remote repo.
make folder
git init
making any file
git status
git add .
git commit -m ""
(making a new  in github)
git remote add origin https://github.com.........
git push origin master

2-create two branches (one and two) then create two files in one
branch and push this changes to remote 
git branch one
git branch two
git checkout one
touch one-1
touch one-2
git status 

git add one-1 one-2
git commit -m "adding two files to one branch"
git push origin one

3-merge this changes on main branch and then push it to your
remote main branch.

you can merge from github
 (Able to merge. These branches can be automatically merged.)

or you can use

git checkout master
git merge one
git push origin master

4-Tell me how to remove them locally and remotly.
// delete branch locally
git branch -d one
// delete branch remotely
git push origin --delete one
 and soon two

5-create an annoted tag with tagname v1.4.
git tag -a v1.4  -m "version v1.4"
to show it 
git show v1.4

6-push it to remote server
git push origin v1.4

7-tell me how to list tags locally.
 git tag
with extensive description 
 git tag -n

8-tell me how to delete tag locally and remotely.
To delete a remote tag
git push origin --delete v1.4

To delete a local tag
git tag -d v1.4

9-What is git rebase? Give me an example.
Rebasing is the process of moving or combining a sequence of commits to a new base commit. 
Rebasing is most useful and easily visualized in the context of a feature branching workflow
Rebasing is a common way to integrate upstream changes into your local repository.
Pulling in upstream changes with Git merge results in a superfluous merge commit every time you want to see how the project has progressed.
(git rebase) Git rebase in standard mode will automatically take the commits in your current working branch and apply them to the head of the passed branch

10-pull requeset

*when you fork repo you need to pull request to get previllages from the developers they have the main repo till you can pull new updates 
from upstream proj and when you have the pull request you can push you editting in local and remotey in your account not in the origin repo

*when you work with developers in project remotely and you want to make some changes in origin code you pull request and team members can review your code and accept it from compare and pull request and resolve any conflict
 “pull request” button that leads to a form asking you to specify which branch you want to merge into the official repository

Readme file in my repo with requird structure and image 



